README.md, before:

# Live site

View the site here: [KAN Cookies](https://akhoinguyen.github.io/IMD1000A-Project-2/) or type in the link: ```akhoinguyen.github.io/IMD1000A-Project-2/```

---

# Attributions

All attributions can be found in the [attribution.txt](https://github.com/akhoinguyen/IMD1000A-Project-2/blob/main/attributions.txt) file. Alternatively, attributions are copied as well below:

## Hero banner

Photo by Jonathan Meyer: https://www.pexels.com/photo/assorted-sugar-cookies-752503/

## Featured

1. Photo by KATRIN  BOLOVTSOVA: https://www.pexels.com/photo/selective-focus-photo-of-brown-christmas-tree-shaped-gingerbread-cookies-in-a-wooden-crate-5702707/
2. Photo by Luis Quintero: https://www.pexels.com/photo/close-up-of-chocolate-cookies-12811302/
3. Photo by Darlene Alderson: https://www.pexels.com/photo/heart-shaped-green-cookies-7016483/
4. Photo by Marcia Salido: https://www.pexels.com/photo/stacks-of-red-velvet-cookies-in-close-up-photography-14133143/

## About

Photo by Anna Shvets: https://www.pexels.com/photo/woman-putting-food-box-in-an-oven-12674099/

## Business orders

Photo by SAULO LEITE: https://www.pexels.com/photo/pizzaiolo-making-pizza-17637074/

## Gallery

1. Video by The Vegan Corner (Youtube): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySOplGZcmXY
2. Photo by Malidate Van: https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-using-brown-wooden-rolling-pin-784631/
3. Photo by Ksenia Chernaya: https://www.pexels.com/photo/baking-ingredients-3952077/
4. Photo by Jonathan Meyer: https://www.pexels.com/photo/beige-cookie-with-filling-752496/

Commit message:

Add attribution for Modulifier CSS library

README.md, after:

# Live site

View the site here: [KAN Cookies](https://akhoinguyen.github.io/IMD1000A-Project-2/) or type in the link: ```akhoinguyen.github.io/IMD1000A-Project-2/```

---

#Tools &amp; Materials

The site was coded using HTML and CSS.

The website was hand-coded in [Atom](https://atom-editor.cc/) - an open-source code editor.
Open-source CSS library by [Modulifier](https://modulifier.web-dev.tools/#responsive;images;list-group;embed;media-object;accessibility;print) developers.
All photos were downloaded from [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/) with proper attributions.
Video embed was taken from YouTube with proper attribution as well.

---

# Media Attributions

All attributions can be found in the [attribution.txt](https://github.com/akhoinguyen/IMD1000A-Project-2/blob/main/attributions.txt) file. Alternatively, attributions are copied as well below:

## Hero banner

Photo by Jonathan Meyer: https://www.pexels.com/photo/assorted-sugar-cookies-752503/

## Featured

1. Photo by KATRIN  BOLOVTSOVA: https://www.pexels.com/photo/selective-focus-photo-of-brown-christmas-tree-shaped-gingerbread-cookies-in-a-wooden-crate-5702707/
2. Photo by Luis Quintero: https://www.pexels.com/photo/close-up-of-chocolate-cookies-12811302/
3. Photo by Darlene Alderson: https://www.pexels.com/photo/heart-shaped-green-cookies-7016483/
4. Photo by Marcia Salido: https://www.pexels.com/photo/stacks-of-red-velvet-cookies-in-close-up-photography-14133143/

## About

Photo by Anna Shvets: https://www.pexels.com/photo/woman-putting-food-box-in-an-oven-12674099/

## Business orders

Photo by SAULO LEITE: https://www.pexels.com/photo/pizzaiolo-making-pizza-17637074/

## Gallery

1. Video by The Vegan Corner (Youtube): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ySOplGZcmXY
2. Photo by Malidate Van: https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-using-brown-wooden-rolling-pin-784631/
3. Photo by Ksenia Chernaya: https://www.pexels.com/photo/baking-ingredients-3952077/
4. Photo by Jonathan Meyer: https://www.pexels.com/photo/beige-cookie-with-filling-752496/
